User guide refactors and updates (#13454)
conda/conda: docs/source/user-guide/tasks/create-custom-channels.rst

Creating custom channels
========================

In this tutorial, we walk through how to create your own channel

> that either be access via the local or network file system or served

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that can either be accessed via the local or network file system or served
```

   server or using a ``file://`` URL to the channel directory.
   Test by sending a search command to the custom channel.

   **Example**: if you want a file in the custom channel location
   ``/opt/channel/linux-64/``, search for files in that location:

   .. code::

      conda search -c file:///opt/channel/ --override-channels

   .. note::
      * The channel URL does not include the platform, as conda
        automatically detects and adds the platform.

>       * The option  ``--override-channels`` ensures that conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * The option ``--override-channels`` ensures that conda
```
